# Description:

This feature integrate [InterPlanetary File System](https://ipfs.io) (IPFS) with [Rocket.Chat](https://rocket.chat) as storage provider. 

- Include storing files on the IPFS network.
- Retrieving the stored file from the IPFS. 
- Encrypting the files using password.

## InterPlanetary File System

InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) is a protocol and network designed to create a content-addressable, peer-to-peer method of storing and sharing hypermedia in a distributed file system. IPFS was initially designed by Juan Benet, and is now an open-source project developed with help from the community.

Each file and all of the **blocks** within it are given a unique fingerprint called a **cryptographic hash**.

Every file can be found by human-readable names using a decentralized naming system called **IPNS**.

## Phase 1 - Storing and retrieving 

### Week 1

- [x] Implementing IPFS node on local machine.
- [x] Fetching data from user, updating it on IPFS Server
- [x] Converting data in transferable format, and updating on IPFS
- [x] Generating Hash and storing it.

### Week 2

- [x] Integrating tested IPFS code with Rocket.Chat
- [x] Fetching the data from IPFS, sharing it with multiple users.
- [x] Testing and writing samples 


### Week 3

- [x] Enabling encrypting on data.
- [x] Converting the file in to IPFS stored format.

### Week 4

- [x] Using seeds or the random keys generated by the User for encryption.
- [x] Stored data to be encrypted and shared with the allowed users.
- [x] Testing the store data on the IPFS.
- [ ] Writing and Testing Samples 


### Week 5

- [x] A new module that takes key as input from user and decrypt the file.
- [x] Retrieving data from IPFS and decrypting it. 
- [x] Decrypting the file received from the IPFS Hash.
- [x] Converting the file in to user readable format .

## Phase 2 - Managing the stored files, History of uploaded files 

### Week 6

- [x] Retrieving details from the IPFS 
- [x] Managing the details of Users on network.
- [x] Managing private directory.

### Week 7

- [x] Storing files in directory.
- [x] Managing the stored file. 
- [x] Managing the History of user.

### Week 8

- [x] Adding IPNS
- [x] Testing IPNS 
- [x] Writing and Testing samples

### Week 9

- [x] Managing user data using IPNS
- [x] Testing encryption file on network
- [x] Writing and Testing samples

### Week 10

- [ ] Implementing IPFS password. 
- [ ] Storing files using IPFS password.
- [ ] Stroing password on server. 

### Week 11 

- [ ] Implementing the file sharable option
- [ ] Enabline Security and privacy in shared files.



    
